Paint the picture.
Some Beverly Hills rich guy
put him in the hospital.
You've just hired the A-team.
[guns firing]
lt's all right!
(Face)
After all, this is my town...
I mean, I know these people,
I know what makes them tick.
A wonderful painter.
His name is H.M....
Murdock, is an original.
Then switch the originals
for the forgeries.
l captured the A-Team.
This calls for something rich.
(male narrator)
In 1972,
a crack commando unit...
was sent to prison
by a military court...
for a crime
they didn't commit.
These men promptly escaped...
from a maximum-security
stockade...
to the Los Angeles
underground.
Today, still wanted
by the government...
they survive
as soldiers of fortune.
If you have a problem,
if no one else can help...
and if you can find them...
maybe you can hire
the A-Team.
[gun firing]
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[inaudible]
[man grunts]
[punching]
Hey, watch his hands!
Watch his hands!
Relax.
lt'll be the only thing left
he'll be able to move.
Kid, do what Mr. Shawn wants.
l did what he wants.
l painted two pictures.
That's all he said
l had to do.
So, he counted wrong.
Just pick up the brush.
lf l do a third...
he'll want a fourth
and then a fifth.
You can't keep me
locked up here forever.
Okay, kid.
[groans]
Hold it!
ldiot.
He's hurt really bad.
We got to get him
to a hospital.
Tepper, l was just trying
to scare him.
Hey, you saw it, Tepper,
l didn't touch his hands,
you saw it!
Shut up!
We'll be lucky
if Mr. Shawn doesn't put us
in the hospital with him!
You both deserve a bullet
in your empty heads.
l tell you
to put a little pressure
on the kid...
you wind up putting him
in a coma!
You realize
what that's gonna do?
lt's gonna put
this whole operation
in jeopardy.
Check his hands, Mr. Shawn.
You'll see
l never went near them.
So, what do you want,
a raise?
What good do his hands
do me now?
Go on, get rid of him.
[dogs barking]
[seagulls cawing]
[dog barking]
You okay?
l stopped by the hospital
this morning.
There's still no change.
The doctors don't know
when Speed'll come out of it.
Mickey, l'm really scared.
Hey, let me
tell you something,
it's gonna be all right.
l just know it.
But l wish
l could find those guys
who did that to Speed.
[people chattering]
Maybe there's a way.
What are we doing here?
We gotta get an album.
What?
How many more places
are we gonna go to?
As many as it takes.
Okay.
Can l help you folks
today?
Yeah. l'd like a copy
of Jim Nabors'
Greatest Love Songs.
[chuckles]
You're joking, right?
No, that's what the note that
Mr. Lee tacked to my laundry
said to ask for.
Well, l know that Mr. Lee's
got his opinion...
but in my opinion...
Madonna might be better
for you.
She's hot now.
l want Jim Nabors.
Thanks.
Well, come over here
a minute.
Now,
why don't you let me
play this for you...
and then you can be sure
that's what you want...
before you lay out
any money?
Okay.
[[[music playing]
(Hannibal on headphones)
Thanks for listening.
Your fingerprints
are being checked.
If they don't match,
no further contact
will be made.
If you are
who you say you are...
you'll be contacted shortly.
l'm Hannibal Smith.
Sorry about the runaround...
but we had to be sure
you are who you say you are.
Yeah, sure.
[birds chirping]
This is ''Howling Mad''
Murdock...
that's Templeton Peck
and B.A. Baracus.
Hi.
''Howling Mad''?
You got a temper problem
or something?
Oh, no. Actually
this is the guy here
with the personality disorder.
l just consider myself
on another plane...
from the mass populace,
that's all.
His plane crashed years ago.
Left him with no brains
in his head.
Peggy, Mr. Lee said
that a friend of yours
was put in the hospital.
And you don't think
the police...
are really interested
in who put him there.
That's right,
Speed has this reputation.
''Speed''?
As in drugs, amphetamines?
No, Speed is clean.
We gave him the name...
because he's so quick
with the brush.
Speed is a free spirit.
ln fact, he was probably born
about 20 years too late.
He has this
real ''peace and love'' attitude,
you know?
And lot of people laugh
at that kind of stuff
nowadays...
but, anyway,
as far as the police
are concerned...
Speed was just considered
a flake.
And there's no way
they were gonna believe...
that some Beverly Hills
rich guy
put him in the hospital.
''Beverly Hills rich guy''?
Don't mind B.A. Last time
he was in Beverly Hills...
he got in trouble
for throwing a waiter
in a dessert tray.
That dude charged me $1 2
for a bowl of potato soup!
Anyway,
we don't have any proof.
But about a month ago...
some guy who runs
a Beverly Hills gallery...
saw some of Speed's stuff
and signed him on the spot.
Speed must be very good.
His work is wonderful.
He trained under
Solange Martine in Paris.
That's where we met, in fact.
So, anyway,
a couple of weeks ago...
we saw these guys in suits...
pushing Speed around.
And Speed wouldn't tell me
what it was all about.
But the guy
was from the gallery.
l did get that much
out of him.
Boy, l find that
hard to believe.
l mean,
most of the gallery owners
l know are fairly respectable.
Which gallery
did Speed sign with?
Well, that's the problem.
l don't know.
We pooled
our money together.
We can pay you
$1 1,000.
Where'd you kids
get money like that from?
l have a small trust
my grandfather left me
for college.
l never went...
so it's just been
sitting in the bank
earning interest.
But l think
this is important enough
to use it for.
Peggy, would you recognize
Speed's work if you saw it
hanging somewhere?
Yeah, l'm sure l could.
Congratulations,
you've just hired
The A-Team.
At last, a case
that doesn't require
mosquito netting.
Oh, l don't know, Face.
lt's still a jungle out there
on Rodeo Drive.
Man! These people
in Beverly Hills...
look at us like
we're from another planet.
Are you suggesting
that your derivation
is from anything...
but another planet,
big guy?
(B.A.)
Oh, shut up, fool!
l don't like nothing
about this town.
Oh, l don't know, B.A.
This city has certain charms
that l appreciate.
[sighing]
That's it!
That's one of Speed's
paintings!
There are his initials,
''S. Miller.''
This could be the place.
So, what're we
gonna do now?
Check it out.
Hello, l'm Diane.
May l help you
with something?
[exclaims]
Beautiful piece of work,
don't you think?
lt's very rare.
Shh!
Just listen to it.
You can almost hear
the boldness
of the sculptor's strokes...
the power of the statement
that it makes!
Yes.
l believe you're right.
Are you an artist
as well?
Michael DeLaine,
Fine Art Magazine.
You've heard of us,
of course.
Oh, sure, yeah.
Yes, l'm writing an article...
on the most prestigious
art galleries in the country.
And l'm basically
evaluating your exclusivity...
style, taste, et cetera,
et cetera...
and et cetera.
Well, l'm sure
you'll find our gallery
very exciting.
We'll see. l must say...
l am very, very impressed
with this young artist...
S. Miller.
l don't believe
l've ever seen
his work before.
Oh, that's because
he's exclusive
with the gallery.
He's one of the young
street artists...
that Mr. Shawn
recently discovered.
Yes, one can almost
sense the grittiness
of the pavement...
in his work,
don't you agree?
(Diane)
Absolutely.
Yes, very exceptional.
l'd even.... No.
Yes, l'd even
go out on a limb and
compare him favorably...
with another local artist,
H.M. Murdock.
H.M. Murdock?
Would you mind showing me
something else of his?
But, l'm afraid
this is all we have
at the moment.
We should be receiving
something from him shortly,
though.
Diane?
Could l speak to you
for a minute, please?
Of course, Mr. Shawn.
Excuse me.
Oh, l'm terribly sorry.
l've taken up too much
of your time.
No, that's okay.
Well, then,
perhaps l could
persuade you...
to have dinner with me
tonight?
Well, l don't--
lt would give us a chance
to continue this...
interesting discussion
of today's rising
young artists, and....
Diane?
Dinner? Sounds lovely.
Yes, Mr. Shawn?
Who's that young man
you were talking to?
That was Michael DeLaine.
He's an art critic
for Fine Art Magazine.
They're doing a story
on all the top galleries
across the country.
lsn't that great?
Look, here's his card.
''Michael DeLaine,
Fine Art Magazine.''
See if those two young ladies
need some help, will you?
Yes, sir.
[[[music playing]
Ah!
[clears throat]
Thank you.
Michael.
What?
l'm having a wonderful time.
l'm so glad, Diane,
l'm....
Ah, thanks.
l'm so very, very glad,
l....
The first time l saw you,
l knew....
Oh, my gosh...
l don't know
what came over me.
l'm so embarrassed!
[chuckles]
Don't be.
No. No, will you excuse me?
l just have to go
to the restroom!
[toilet flushing]
Oh! Twenty-five cents!
Twenty-five cents!
Good, l'll use it
as a down payment
on the new house, big shot.
Murdock, let's move.
l only have a minute.
[Murdock exclaiming]
Rush, rush, rush.
l've been standing in here
handing out towels
for over two hours...
and nobody's had the decency
or courtesy to even engage me
in a meaningful conversation.
Really?
[clears throat]
[water running]
Nails, Sir?
Thank you.
(Murdock)
Your hands are lovely.
Just keep them manicured.
Thanks for the advice.
Hey?
Oh, right.
Listen, you got change
for $5?
Yes, l have.
Thanks, Murdock.
l forgot to tip
the parking attendant.
Yeah, but....
[sighs]
[snaps finger]
Wonderful.
You can meet Michael
now before you go.
l'll be happy to.
(Diane)
Michael DeLaine...
this is my boss
at the gallery,
Steffen Shawn.
A pleasure to meet you,
Mr. Shawn.
You know, when Diane told me
you were a critic
for Fine Art Magazine...
l was a little surprised.
Surprised?
That l hadn't heard of you.
So l placed a call
to your office.
Are you always this cautious
about Diane's dinner dates?
lt's a crazy world,
Mr. DeLaine.
You never know
what the next man...
coming through that door
is gonna do.
Happily, however,
they gave you
a glowing report.
They tell me you're quite
an excellent writer.
Well, l just....
lt's a pleasure to meet you.
Please accept
this invitation...
to visit the gallery
at any time.
Well, thank you.
Okay, Hannibal,
the alarm's disengaged.
(Hannibal)
Good. Now, let's see
if we can find the closet...
where Shawn
hides his skeletons.
Guys...
Shawn had Speed signed
to an exclusive contract...
at $50 a painting.
$50?
The one in the window
was selling for $5,000.
Something big
must have gone down
to have him cancel this.
Hannibal,
the transmitter's in place.
Let's go, l've seen enough.
Looks like
we got a little company.
You heard the Colonel?
He said we're leaving.
Yeah. B.A.,
can l get your opinion
about something?
Aren't you
as surprised as l am...
at the choices
of these so-called artists
with their paintings?
l mean, with the full
color spectrum...
right at their fingertips...
l think their works
are bogged down...
with an overabundance
of primary shades.
l mean, there's no
subtlety to the hue.
Don't you agree?
Yes, l agree.
l'm gonna turn your nose
primary red
if you don't knock it off!
Security patrol.
Let's take care of them
fast and get out of here.
[screaming]
[groaning]
[screams]
The first time
l saw Blomquist's work...
l was so overcome...
so affected
by its intensity...
that l had to excuse myself
from the exhibit...
before l passed out
from sheer exhaustion.
The point being, you see....
[sighing]
[[[music playing]
What is it, Mr. Shawn?
My gallery's been broken into.
(Diane)
Broken into?
How utterly revolting!
The thieves apparently
used a key to get past
the alarm and inside.
No!
But you and l
are the only ones
that have keys.
Here's my set.
Where are yours?
Right in my purse.
Here let me help you
with that. Here you go.
l'm sorry. Here.
Here you go.
Thanks.
Here's my set.
[phone ringing]
Brooks? Shawn here.
l assume you've heard
your men spoiled a break-in
at my gallery.
(Brooks)
Yeah, I heard.
(Shawn)
Yeah, lucky they were
making a pickup tonight.
Sounds like
our security friends
were making a scheduled stop.
That's why
they showed up...
even if the alarm
didn't go off.
(Brooks)
How about lunch tomorrow?
No, l can't make
lunch tomorrow.
l'll be at the art show
in Santa Monica.
We've got to find
a replacement
for Speed Miller...
as soon as possible.
(Shawn)
Look, Brooks, don't try
handling my end for me.
l need to find us
another expert...
not some
paint-by-numbers amateur
off the sidewalk.
Okay,
but we still have to talk.
All right then,
another time.
Whoever Brooks is,
he's got Shawn
under the gun...
to find another artist
to replace Miller.
Yeah. Sounds like Shawn
was using Miller...
for something other than
just ripping off paintings.
lt certainly does,
doesn't it?
Yeah. Well, l assume
you have a plan.
Well, l think
the least we can do...
is supply Shawn and Brooks
with another painter.
What do you think, Colonel?
(Murdock)
l call it
The Meaning of Life.
[sighing]
lt's perfect.
[phone ringing]
[birds chirping]
Fine Art Magazine,
Tina speaking.
Hello, darling,
it's Templeton.
Hi, sweetheart.
You know, you were right.
Some guy did call
about you yesterday.
l lied. l told him
how wonderful you were.
l know, honey,
and l just wanna thank you.
You were terrific!
Listen...
we'll do St. Martins again
real soon, okay?
And you take care.
l'll be thinking of you.
Okay. Bye-bye.
[sighing]
B.A.? l want you
to take a look at something.
And l want you to tell me
if your nose hairs don't
tingle with excitement...
at my latest inspiration.
But it ain't nothing
but a bunch
of scribbled lines.
Throw stones if you must,
B.A...
but l want you to know
that most great artists...
during their lifetime,
were ridiculed and scoffed at.
lt was not until
they became a part...
of the great, dark earth,
until they were dead...
that their true genius
was discovered.
And perhaps
that fate awaits me.
Be careful, Murdock.
You may get B.A. to test out
your theory...
a little earlier
than you planned.
You know, Murdock,
l do see something
in your painting.
There l am,
standing over your dead body.
lt's just a bunch
of scribbled lines.
Okay, Hannibal,
what next?
That's a good question,
Peggy.
What is the plan du jour,
Colonel?
First, Face, you got to go
to the art show...
and convince Shawn.
Get him to the point
he's chomping at the bit...
to meet a particular painter.
The great artist of the brush,
palette and canvas...
H.M. Murdock.
[birds chirping]
[people chattering]
Mr. DeLaine?
Thank you.
Shawn.
Pleasant surprise.
Yes, isn't it?
You taking the afternoon off?
l always try
to take in these art fairs
whenever l'm able.
There's always the chance
of stumbling across some...
gifted young artist
yet to be discovered.
Oh, l agree
wholeheartedly.
Although l must admit
that most of these artists...
should have
left their work at home.
l've found you have to
sift through a ton of dirt
to find an ounce of gold.
So true.
That's why it galls me
so to see other painters
with so much talent...
who can't ever seem
to get sponsored...
or even get their artwork
placed in a show like this.
lf you have
someone specific in mind,
out with it.
Actually there is someone
who l'm rather high on lately.
A wonderful painter!
He's part of the vibrant
street scene.
His name is H.M. Murdock.
Murdock? Yes, l believe
l've heard of his work.
Really?
Well, he's a perfect example
of a great artist...
being kept from the public
because of a lack of....
How shall l say?
Appropriate connections.
Mr. DeLaine...
if this Murdock
is half the talent
you profess...
l'd like to meet him
immediately.
Well, l think
it's possible l might be
able to arrange something.
Splendid.
My light is fading!
l'm losing the light.
l need more light.
Oh, right.
Mr. Murdock, now...
[clears throat]
as l was saying,
Mr. Shawn here...
owns a very exclusive
art gallery...
and it would be
quite a boost
to your career...
to have your work
shown there.
After seeing your work,
Mr. Murdock,
l'm convinced...
you have what it takes
to be a great artist.
Can you guarantee me...
that in 100 years,
after l'm gone...
the name Murdock...
will be on a par
with Rembrandt, Picasso...
Van Gogh, Willie Mays....
Willie Mays?
Do you deny that Willie Mays
was a great artist
in center field?
With my representation,
Mr. Murdock...
at least l can guarantee
that you'll have a chance.
The rest is up to you.
Then l agree!
Wonderful.
Let us break pizza
to cement the bargain.
Welcome aboard.
Murdock does not shake hands.
Murdock does not play sports.
Murdock does not
open canned food.
Murdock paints.
Mr. Murdock, welcome
to your new studio.
l don't get it.
l've already got a studio.
My studio and l
go back a long way.
Long before home personal
video cassette recorders.
While you're under contract
with the gallery...
this is your studio.
You don't seem to understand!
l need my studio!
l trained inspiration
to meet me at that studio.
Now, how is it
going to find me?
lf you're unhappy
with the arrangement...
maybe you'd like to return
the $3,000 advance?
No.
No, l can't,
l've already used it...
to pay off my
over seven years' due bills.
Then l suggest
you abide by the terms
of the contract...
and sit down.
[sighing]
Now, here's
your first assignment.
l want a reproduction
of this photograph...
a perfect one,
l hasten to add,
as soon as possible.
Say, 24 hours.
No. No reproductions.
Murdock is an original.
All in good time, Mr. Murdock.
l assure you.
All young artists
must start on assignment...
before being commissioned
to do their own originals.
l have great confidence
in you, Mr. Murdock.
Don't disappoint me.
Mayday, mayday!
This is Murdock.
Colonel, are you there?
Go ahead, Murdock.
Listen, Colonel,
Shawn wants me to paint
a perfect reproduction...
of some picture in 24 hours.
But, I'm plumb
out of sea-lily red.
Well, what does it look like?
Can you describe it?
All right,
there are two ladies...
and two children
with rosy cheeks
in a field with red flowers.
And in the background,
there are some trees
and a house and....
You know, if I was this
painter, though...
I'd have painted these flowers
a deeper color.
A crimson,
definitely a crimson.
lt sounds like
Monet's Wild Poppies.
Yeah, l think she's right,
Hannibal. Take a look.
So, Shawn is a specialist
in dealing in art forgeries.
Well, an original Monet...
brought in over a quarter
of a million dollars
in France last summer.
How is Murdock gonna copy
this Monet guy's picture?
He can't even paint!
Peggy...
do you think
you could copy this...
if you had, say,
24 hours straight
to paint in?
Yeah, sure.
But how're you
gonna get it to him?
l've got an idea.
Okay, Uncle Murdock,
help is on the way.
You careless fool!
This statue is worth
over $10,000.
lt goes back
to the Ming Dynasty!
l don't know nothing
about no Chinese food.
All l know is somebody
ordered a pizza...
and somebody
better pay for it.
Tepper, take care
of this gentleman.
Look at the size
of this thing.
You talking to me?
No.
Here's $1
for yourself.
Yeah. Have a nice day.
(Murdock)
lridescent orange.
Another....
Oh, the light!
l'm losing the light!
Murdock? Your pizza's here.
You haven't delayed...
bringing it down to me,
have you?
l need my pizza heated
to 200 degrees Fahrenheit.
ls it 200 degrees?
lt's hot!
lt's hot. lt's hot.
Take it!
lt's hot! lt's hot!
lt's hot!
You'd be a lousy waiter,
you know that?
lt's hot!
Hot! Hot!
Man, that guy was ignorant!
l bet l know what this is.
[exclaiming]
[[[humming]
Well, well, well.
Boy, l didn't know
l paint so good.
Very nice work, Mr. Murdock,
very nice.
All right, you two,
the van's outside.
Be ready to leave
in 10 minutes.
Omega Security.
Those are the guys
who gave us a hard time
the other night, aren't they?
Right.
Well, they got the painting.
Let's follow them.
(Hannibal)
Looks like
they were expected.
We'll stay put
till they make another move.
(B.A.)
There they go, Hannibal.
We're gonna follow them?
We go
where that painting goes.
That painting ain't moving.
(Face)
Your wires must be crossed.
They're taking off.
l'm telling you, Face,
that painting
ain't going nowhere.
lt must be
still in the house.
Well, lf our copy's
in the house...
that means they must've
switched it
for the original.
l'll bet Brooks
has his guys go around...
and case
rich people's houses
for art objects...
when they're in there
installing the alarm system.
Yeah, and then Shawn has
somebody like Speed Miller...
paint perfect reproductions.
And then they come back
and switch the originals
for the forgeries.
Nice little scam.
l assume you have
something in mind.
Yes.
This calls
for something rich.
Hannibal,
this plan of yours stinks.
Give it a chance, B.A.
Besides, you can use
some new clothes.
Your names?
What do you need
our names for?
That's Templeton Peck.
Yes, Mr. Peck,
we're expecting you.
You see, B.A.,
you can't get in here
without a reservation.
A reservation?
Just to buy clothes?
Hi, Elliot.
Mr. Peck, how marvelous
to see you again!
How are you?
Well, l'm fine,
thank you.
My goodness,
it's been almost six months,
hasn't it?
(Face)
Yes, l'm afraid it has.
Elliot, l'd like you
to meet Mr. B.A. Baracus.
Always a pleasure to meet
friends of Mr. Peck's.
Gentlemen, won't you
step this way?
Surely.
Now, what can l do
for you today?
A new tuxedo, perhaps?
How are those
custom shirts...
we designed for you
holding out?
Well actually,
Elliot...
our friend,
Mr. Baracus here...
is in need
of a new suit.
Yes.
Refreshing idea.
Oh dear, l seem to have
run out of tape.
l assume you'll want
to change footwear?
What would you say
to a new ltalian loafer,
Mr. Baracus?
l say you put your hands
on my boots...
and l'm gonna throw you
through that window.
Well, perhaps instead of
an ltalian loafer...
we have some fine
crushed velvet.
l said no shoes.
l warned you.
l said no tie!
(Face)
Very nice, Elliot.
Very nice.
Yes, sir.
You, too, B.A.
l don't think
it goes with my boots.
Oh, you're a sports figure,
B.A. lt'll be fine.
Now, is there anything
you might need
in the way of jewelry?
[chuckles]
No.
l guess not.
[birds chirping]
Well, gentlemen...
Ms. Planson here,
has graciously agreed...
to allow Mr. Baracus...
a trial run of the house,
shall we say, for two days.
What about a tennis court?
l didn't see no tennis court.
l'm afraid
it doesn't have
a tennis court.
Well, we could
put in a tennis court,
couldn't we?
We have to
move a few trees--
What about a stove?
A stove?
ls it gas or electric?
lt's electric.
l like gas.
Well...
l've got electric
and it gets real hot.
Why don't
we give it a try?
Look, Mr. Baracus--
This house
don't have enough windows.
l like more windows.
Listen, maybe this isn't
exactly what you're looking
for after all.
Well, now,
wait a second, Ms. Planson.
Mr. Baracus,
why--why don't you listen
to the advice...
of your manager here,
and give the place a try?
What do you say?
Okay, l'll sign.
Great.
You got a gymnasium?
[clears throat]
Prima donna.
That's very nice, Peggy.
You've got a lot of talent.
Thanks, Face.
This certainly is
different from painting
in my little apartment.
Yeah, well,
when Hannibal has a plan...
l like to see it
go first class.
Listen, l want to
thank you guys for everything
you're doing for Speed.
l know you don't know him
very well...
but he's really
a special person.
He didn't deserve
what happened to him.
Yeah, l can promise you
one thing.
We're going to make
those guys pay
for what they did to him.
[birds chirping]
Peg...
how's my original
Renoir coming?
lncluding drying time,
you should have it
tomorrow morning.
10:00?
Terrific.
Hello...
l'd like to make
an appointment to have
my house inspected...
for the installation
of a security system.
(Brooks)
My assistants will
go through each room...
and take down
the measurements.
They'll take some snapshots
of the views to evaluate
the accessibility...
of the windows.
Then l'll give you
our estimates...
and go over
our various plans...
and see if we can't secure
your home for you.
That'll be fine, sir.
We also stock
supplemental alarm systems
for specific items...
like this painting,
for instance...
if it was worth
an excessive amount.
Well, l see you're not
a connoisseur of art,
Mr. Brooks.
Because if you were...
you'd know that
that painting
is a very valuable piece.
Really?
lt is a lost Renoir.
lt was found
in a villa in France.
lt must have been
hidden for 40 years.
l just acquired it
last month.
Well, then l'd imagine
something that rare...
would be worth
a considerable amount.
That's why you're here.
l want that picture
made theft-proof.
Well, don't worry.
l'm sure we can do something
very special for you here.
(Shawn)
This is Renoir's long lost...
Young Girl
Arranging Earrings.
Hasn't been seen
since the start of
the Second World War.
lt was thought destroyed
all these years.
How much is it worth?
l'd estimate between
$1 million and $1 .5 million.
l'll call my broker in Sweden
and have him arrange a buyer.
Murdock should have
our reproduction ready
in 24 hours.
Hey, hey, hey!
l'll take care of this,
all right?
Well, that'll be
$5.50, without the tip.
Oh, yeah?
Well, here's $7.
Keep the change.
Enjoy.
So, if you approve,
Mr. Smith...
we can have your painting
wired and secured today...
and finish the rest
of your house tomorrow.
Well, you have
a very fine reputation.
So let's do it.
Good, we'll get started
immediately.
And to show you
our appreciation
of your trust in us...
l'd like to take you
out to lunch.
Well, that's not
at all necessary.
Please, be my guest,
you and your friend.
l know a wonderful spot.
Good food, good music,
and an endless supply
of gorgeous young ladies.
[[[music playing]
How long will it take
your technicians?
Not long. ln fact,
they should be leaving
any minute now.
[birds chirping]
[dogs barking]
Hi, guys.
Hi, Face.
Now, l've got a gun
pointed right at your belly.
Well, l guess
we're covered.
This whole thing was a setup,
wasn't it?
The mansion, the painting.
Murdock, too.
You're pretty quick.
You watch
a lot of game shows, huh?
You know, if l were three feet
in front of a bullet...
l don't think l'd be cracking
so many jokes.
l knew this plan
wouldn't work, Hannibal.
Hannibal?
Yeah. Hannibal Smith.
We're the A-Team.
Maybe
you've heard of us?
Yeah, l've heard of you.
[laughing]
How about that, huh?
l captured the A-Team.
Hey, there's a bounty
on your heads, isn't there?
Yeah, dead or alive,
l think.
Okay, Blair,
here's your chance
to earn some bonus money.
Now you fill these guys
with a couple pounds
of lead...
and you turn them over
to the Military Police.
Then meet me
back at the gallery.
l got a message for Murdock...
and l wanna deliver it
to him personally.
Use my car and...
you be sure
and make it painful, huh?
My pleasure.
Come with me, Tepper.
Come on,
let's move it. Now!
(Blair)
Nice and easy,
pretty boy.
[exclaims]
Hey, watch it!
[people chattering]
Come on.
You were wonderful.
[sighing]
We'd like
Mr. Brooks' car.
Well, l don't....
Yeah, now!
Yes, sir!
This way, here.
We'll bring it back
as soon as we can.
Take your time.
(Brooks)
By now, your friends
should be just a bad memory.
Now it's your turn.
Not necessarily,
my friends have perfected
the art of escape.
l wouldn't count on it.
Not unless your friends
have perfected coming back
from the dead.
[guns firing]
[groans]
Murdock, it's all right.
[guns firing]
Look on the bright side, pal.
We didn't dent your Mercedes.
(Peggy)
We're glad you guys
hung around long enough...
for us to say thank you.
lt's a pleasure.
Now all those bad guys
are in jail for good.
And all the stolen
masterpieces...
have been returned
to their rightful owners.
And we're happy
to report that we have
a refund. Face.
Right, yeah.
Well, let's see,
we had lunch at the bistro.
That was, $1 23...
B.A.'s suit,
that's $657...
the rental
of the Excalibur,
$1 20 a day for two days...
that's $240 plus gas.
And there's our usual fee,
four men for two days and....
Look, you can just
read it if you like.
The point is...
the balance from all this
comes to $8,000.
Which is still plenty
for you to get that
Harvard education...
if you ever decide to.
[seagulls cawing]
Hey, Murdock,
you crazy fool!
Don't put that in my van!
But l got to!
These are the tools
that l need...
to develop
my artistic self, man.
You're gonna develop
a lump on your head...
if you don't get
rid of that junk!
l can't do that.
l just can't do it.
l can't stand here...
and just watch myself
throw away
my whole new career.
Well, watch me do it then.
Get out of here.
(Face)
Don't take it so hard,
Murdock.
There'll be other careers.
What makes this
such a sad moment for me...
is that the whole time
l was locked...
in that dark, dingy,
dusty, dank dungeon...
there was only one face
that kept popping
into my head.
Yeah? Who was that?
B.A.
Now he's turned on me.
Thank you so much.
Good luck.
Okay, guys, let's go.
No, not my lucky brush!
Not my paintbrush!
That's my lucky paintbrush!
That's it, Murdock!
l don't wanna hear
another word
about your painting...
because you can't
paint nothing.
[grunts]
''Can't paint nothing.''
The man knows
where he's going...
but he hasn't
checked his flanks.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org